She might catch your stare and flatter your ego. But she'll never keep you down in your bed at night. All Lights Down Low, oh-oh-oh. 'Cause it's dark 'til you leave
There's a fire inside of you. That can't help but shine through. She's never gonna see the light. No matter what you do
You don't know how it could be. Anything you want it to. If you only knows me. We could be an invisible army, unbreakable
There's a fire inside of you. That you keep hidden away. But I see the flickers through. In every word you don't say
Sounds of the rain bring you to me. I am standing all alone. In the room, just waitin' for you. In the silence by myself, wishin' for you
I could stand up and sing you a song. But I don't wanna have to go that far. And I, I've got you down, I know you by heart. And you don't even know where I start
Memory makin' and heartbreak loungin'. We'll dress up like clowns. Driftin' down a river on old style boats. Your eyes will sparkle diamonds
I hear your voice in every thunder roll. But I've learned to find comfort on my own. I traced our memories on the window pane. Now I'm letting go of the reins
And I guess that you just take your time, she might still. Be the Little Miss Sunshine for some little boy. So why am I sitin' here wastin' all my time? She just may be your Miss Sunshine and you're still not around. So I sit here at the cafe and sip my coffee
And she's the kind of book that you can't put down. Like if Cleopatra grew up in a small town. And all the bad boys would be good boys. If they only had a chance to love her. And to tell you the truth, sometimes I wish I was her
'Cause she's the kind of book that you can't put down. Like if Juliette met Prine for the first time in a town. And all the bad boys were still really, really bad boys. If he only had one shot to capture her
When Emma falls in love, she writes it in a song. Tangled in the lyrics, that's where she belongs. When Emma falls in love, she's a storm dressed like the calm. Paints a picture of her heart in the palm of his hand so warm
This path is reckless. I-I-I, like it. Like there's nothing I could do or stop this slide. I don't know why, I've never known this kind of trust, mmm. I couldn't stop myself, even if I tried. And I'd be smarter to walk away. But the minute that I, ooh. Fell asleep at the wheel
I can't decide if it's a choice. Getting swept away. I hear the sound of my own voice. Asking you to stay. All we are is skin and bone. Trained to get along. Forever going with the flow. But you're friction
Like walking the edge of a sharp cliff. Loved on by nobody so I ditched 'em all. You greet me with your eyes, and your hands. It is a moment I can't ask for, but I'll take (Take). I'm yours foreverhow it made me tremble. I hold my breath while you're sleeping, and I'll do anything you say. (And I'd be smart to) Don't move, little thing
I can’t resist the pull of your orbit. It’s a dangerous game, but I forfeit. Your gaze is a riddle wrapped in a mystery. Every second here is rewriting history. Your gravity's a force I can't fight. This love is a cliff, and I’m taking the flight. With every whisper, you dismantle my defense. In the art of war, this is past tense
You’re on the next flight, a bad mistake (Never see your face again, oh). I'm halfway out the door, but it's not easy leaving. I’m holdin' on for you to. Say, "Don’t go"
I'm standing on the sidewalk alone. I wait for you to drive by. I'm tryna see the cards that you won't show. I'm about to fold unless you
I’m halfway out the door. My stutterin' heart sits on the floor. Halfway out the door, but it won’t go any (Go) further. (Oh, say, say, say, say, say, say, say). I would stay forever if you say, "Don’t go"
Standing in the shadow of what we used to be. And all our words hang like leaves on an autumn tree. Oh no, oh no, they're about to fall. Every memory’s a ghost in these haunted halls
Can you see us now in grays? Can you see us now in shades? Bring it down so we can go, so we can go. Is it cool that I said all that? Is it chill that you're in my head? 'Cause I know that I could wait if you don't know, mm
Third floor on the West Side, me and you. Handsome, you're a mansion with a view. Do the girls back home touch you like I do?. Long night with your hands up in my hair. Echoes of your footsteps on the stairs. Stay here, honey, I don't wanna share
Please tell me how we'll get away. How we'll get over them all again. We run out the back, we soak up the Sun. Drink in the moment you run out of tricks to. Win me back, it's so essees in that. You never miss a single thing
Echoes of our whispers, fill the crowded room. We’re dancing round our feelings, trying not to assume. Your touch on my back, a secret code. In a world that's watching, it’s a private road. Streetlight shadows hide the blushing of my cheeks. Is this something real or just a high when life is bleak?
The dreams of you in my bed are so very different now. Goodbye is death by a thousand cuts. Nights we couldn't sleep 'cause we fought too much. Memories of things you said and didn't have enough time for. Your lips, our ring. Every thing we ever wanted
Our songs, our films, united we stand. Our country, guess it was a lawless land. Quiet my fears with the touch of your hand. Paper cut stings from our paper-thin plans. My time, my wine, my spirit, my trust. Tryna find a part of me you didn't take up
Do you think I'm cursed, dropped all the jaws in town? Every heartbreak brings me down. Well, you and me ended on such a sad note. I'd like to send an echo down the hallway. Just to let me know that we didn't work. Well, that it wasn't love, it wasn't real
Our songs, our place, we’re fading memories, retraced. Every corner of this city screams your name. Uninvited, they replay, those moments in a twisted ballet. I brace myself for love’s ricochet. Pictures framed in silent halls, echoed laughs in empty malls
I still remember the games we played back then. How I always felt the same like the tumbleweeds. But the stars all lit up as if they knew. Back when this made no sense and I couldn't put it together. Didn't even know if any of this really happened. 'Cause the plane takes off in clouds
I want you to know. I'm a mirrorball. I can change everything about me to fit in. You are not like the regulars. The masquerade revelers. Drunk as they watch my shattered edges glisten
We played rooms full of strangers, tonight's the last single. You know we played rooms full of strangers, tonight's the last single. Headlights on fire and we ran away inside it. And tomorrow's just another word for time. We shook hands with half the industry, tonight's the last interview. Bandwidth is almost up, but we got one more wave to send
I'm a mirrorball, spinning round in an endless fall. Reflecting all the light at night in the disco hall. I show you every version of yourself tonight. While I keep on turning in my fragile flight
No flash bulbs, they pass me. Everybody passes right through you and that makes two of us. No trendy dancin', whisper. When they tell you of my love that was the death of a dream
What must it be like to grow up that beautiful? With your hair falling into place like dominoes. I see me padding across your wooden floors. With my Eagles T-shirt hanging from the door
Me and my frayed nerves and tired eyes fallin' into taxis with you, And your secrets. Away from little misses and blind oaths you made with me. Buried like bones in the sand, tossed around in the salty waves
What must it be like to grow up that beautiful? With your hair falling into place like dominos. I see me paddling across the room, just to touch you. But oh, what a thing to be the one you choose
Hey, we break up but. Babies mama heart is bad. Can't let 'em touch this. Honey, sweet daddyo. She only wants to give me, Sweet nothings, oh
Industry disruptors and soul deconstructors. And smooth-talking hucksters out glad-handing each other. And the voices that implore, You should be doing more. To you I can admit that I’m just too soft for all of it
Bustling all around. Some things have their roots. They say it's best kept wrapped in a bow and hidden. But this one could never die. And even on my worst attempted page poetry eye. The starry night sky
In the quiet where your laughter rings. I find solace where the bluebird sings. And in the chaos of the ever-spinning globe. I cling to the echo of the words you once spoke